Api auth docs (#13)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/basics/options.md

[pr]: https://github.com/cross-seed/cross-seed.org/tree/master/docs/basics/options.md
[ms]: https://github.com/vercel/ms#examples

### `apiAuth`

| Config file name | CLI short form | CLI long form | Format    | Default |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `apiAuth`        |                | `--api-auth`  | `boolean` | `false` |

Set this to `true` to require an API key on all requests made to the
[/api/announce](../reference/api.md#post-apiannounce) and
[/api/webhook](../reference/api.md#post-apiwebhook) endpoints.

To find your API key, run the `cross-seed api-key` command.

> The api key can be provided in either of two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The api key can be included with your requests in either of two ways:
```
